build(release): add reno tools to build image and makefile (#2604)
kanisterio/kanister: releasenotes/README.md

## Release notes

Release notes use [https://docs.openstack.org/reno/latest/](reno)

Release notes are stored in `releasenotes/notes` directory.

Reno allows to generate release notes using files in the repository as opposed to generating from commit messages.
This makes it easier to review and edit release notes.

## Development flow

When submitting a PR with some changes worthy of mentioning in the notes (new feature, bugfix, deprecation, update requirements),

> committer should add a new note file using `reno new <note_name>` or `make reno-new note=<note_name>`.

Reviewer: I think if we pass `--edit` to `reno new` it opens the newly created file so that we can edit it there only and don't have to open the newly created file again.
I think we should mention that and it would be helpful.

Author: Not sure that would work with docker container, but I can test it.

Author: It is possible. Switched to that as this is most likely the intention of anyone running this command. Need to rebuild the build image though.

Author: `reno new` now has `--edit` flag by default.

New file will be created in `releasenotes/notes` directory with default template.

> Change notes should be added to this file to reflect the change and additional information such as deprecations or upgrade requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Summary of the change should be added to this file to reflect the change and additional information such as deprecations or upgrade requirements.
```

?

It's recommended to remove unused template fields.

When reviewing a PR, a reviewer should check if there are change notes added if necessary and either request or add a new note if they have push access to the branch

## Generating changelogs

> Changelog can be generated using:

Reviewer: whose responsibility will it be to create changelog file? when is it supposed to be created?

Author: Changelog file would be created during the pre-release step automatically: https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister/pull/2774

But a person doing pre-release CAN do that manually as well.
I can mention that.

## Release notes

> Release notes use [https://docs.openstack.org/reno/latest/](reno)
> 
> Release notes are stored in `releasenotes/notes` directory.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release notes are generated using [https://docs.openstack.org/reno/latest/](reno) and are stored in `releasenotes/notes` directory.

```

Reno allows to generate release notes using files in the repository as opposed to generating from commit messages.
This makes it easier to review and edit release notes.

## Development flow

When submitting a PR with some changes worthy of mentioning in the notes (new feature, bugfix, deprecation, update requirements),
committer should add a new note file using `reno new <note_name> --edit` or `make reno-new note=<note_name>`.

New file will be created in `releasenotes/notes` directory with default template.
Summary of the change should be added to this file to reflect the change and additional information such as deprecations or upgrade requirements.
It's recommended to remove unused template fields.

> When reviewing a PR, a reviewer should check if there are change notes added if necessary and either request or add a new note if they have push access to the branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reviewing a PR, a reviewer should check if there are release notes added if necessary and either request or add a new note if they have push access to the branch.
```

## Generating changelogs

Changelogs would be generated for each release by maintainers as a part of the release process.

Changelog can be generated using:

```
make reno-report
```
or to mark specific current version:
```
make reno-report VERSION=$CURRENT_VERSION
```

This will create a CHANGELOG.md and CHANGELOG_CURRENT.md files with changes from committed release notes.
CHANGELOG_CURRENT.md only containing changes for the current version.

> It will be used when running goreleaser build using make (will use `CHANGELOG_CURRENT.md` by default):

Reviewer: should these sentences be together?
Also `CHANGELOG_CURRENT.md only containing changes for the current version.` doesn't seem right.

Author: > Also CHANGELOG_CURRENT.md only containing changes for the current version. doesn't seem right.

Can you elaborate?
